[♪♪♪]
[GASPING]
Godric. it's me.
[NECK SNAPPING]
You should not have come.
[WOMAN SCREAMS]
Bill.
No.
I'm here. my child. Down here.
Godric.
You were a fool for
sending humans after me.
I had no other choice.
These savages. they...
They seek to destroy you.
I'm aware of what
they have planned.
This one betrayed you.
SOOKIE: He's
with the Fellowship.
They set a trap for us.
How long has it been
since you've fed?
I require very little
blood anymore.
[ALARM BLARING]
Save the human.
Go on.
I am not leaving
your side until you...
I can take care of myself.
Come on. we have to go.
Spill no blood on your way out.
Go.
[♪♪♪]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[♪♪♪]
[GASPS]
I'm alive.
Holy shit.
God saved me.
[SIGHS]
I'm saved.
Oh. for heaven's
sake. grow a brain cell!
Paintballs! What's...?
You crazy bitch.
I let you into my house.
into my bed
and into my heart.
All I stood for.
all I believed in.
I violated to be with you.
Okay.
I gave you everything for a lie.
You're worse than Judas.
Why? What did he do to you?
Fuck you!
Oh! Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho.
sweet Jesus.
Oh. Okay. I'm sorry. okay?
Just tell me what
you want me to say.
Don't shoot again. You
came to prey on me.
to ruin the sacred vow
I made to my husband.
then like a coward. you ran.
No. I didn't...
Okay. I ran. but
it wasn't from you.
It was from your husband
and his crazy weapon collection.
Why'd you have
to go and tell him?
Tell him?
I didn't tell him anything.
He's the one who told me.
Wait. wait. wait. Wait.
Told you what?
There are wolves
in our henhouse.
We must defend our flock.
Well. what's that got to
do...? We have your sister.
Sookie's in the church?
She came in yesterday
spouting the same lies you told.
You listen to me. She's
got nothing to do with this.
You Stackhouses.
You're nothing but
a bunch of heartless.
two-faced vampire fuckers.
[SCREAMS]
Don't you ever talk
about my sister like that.
And if I find out any of you
so much as touched her.
I'm gonna come back here.
and it won't be with
no fucking paint gun!
[ALARM BLARING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
NEWLIN [OVER PA]: Brothers
and sisters. we are on lockdown.
Women with children.
please take them to
our classroom buildings.
Men and able-bodied women.
security personnel will provide
you with stakes and silver
just outside the chapel.
Our Soldiers of the
Sun are on their way
to protect our church.
but safely evacuate
the building now.
Brothers and sisters.
the hour is upon us.
I could have you out in
seconds. There's kids out there.
Now. those humans wouldn't
think twice about hurting us.
Why didn't you
bring Bill with you?
His attachment
to you is irrational.
It clouds his judgment.
He would kill every child
in this church to save you.
Why aren't you?
I'm following Godric's orders
and getting you out. that's all.
He's your maker. isn't he?
Don't use words
you don't understand.
You have a lot of love for him.
Don't use words I
don't understand.
KYLE: Let's lock it up.
Keep quiet.
All right. lock it up.
Nobody comes through here.
Eric. no.
Trust me.
KYLE: You got your silver
chain? BRENT: Is it locked?
KYLE: Did you check upstairs?
ERIC [IN SOUTHERN ACCENT]:
Oh. hey. y'all. How's it going?
Steve sent me over
to man the exit here.
Think I can take it from here.
By yourself? Uh. yeah.
You're big and all. but
there's a vampire on the loose.
Oh.
Where's your stake?
Oh. Dang.
I forgot.
Maybe I can borrow
yours. i-if that's okay.
I can't do that. Get your own.
[IN NORMAL VOICE] I very much
would like to borrow your stake.
Yeah. Yeah. that'd
be okay. I guess.
Stake!
[GRUNTING]
Eric! You don't
have to kill him.
[STAKE CLATTERS]
ERIC: Come on. LUKE:
Come on. gotta do this.
[CROWD CHATTERING]
Those arrows are wood.
You'll never make it through.
SOOKIE: Eric.
through the sanctuary.
Where's the exit? Back that way.
NEWLIN: There are
several exits. actually.
For you. the easiest one
takes you straight to hell.
[♪♪♪]
Let us leave.
Save yourselves.
No one has to die.
The war has begun.
you evil whore of Satan.
You vampires cast the first
stone by killing my family.
The lines have been drawn.
You're either with
us or against us.
We are prepared for Armageddon.
The vampire you're
holding prisoner got away.
He's a sheriff. He's
bound to send for help.
I'm not concerned with Godric.
Any vampire will do
for our grand celebration
and we got one right here.
I'll be fine.
[♪♪♪]
NEWLIN: Brothers and sisters.
there will be a holy
bonfire at dawn.
[LAUGHING]
[GRUNTS]
Look. dear.
Room Service sent a gift for us.
No. No. I don't do any...
[GASPS]
Ah. Heart's pounding.
So much tastier.
How considerate of you.
Sookie.
That bothersome human.
Just like an alarm
clock you can't switch off.
Blah. blah. blah.
And 10 minutes later. blah.
I'll give you first bite.
I am not hungry.
LORENA: Oh. come now.
As I recall.
your appetite was
always insatiable.
This human act you do for
your girlfriend is charming and all.
but we both know better.
Don't we?
Please. I don't wanna die.
Let him go.
I will.
Soon.
No.
[SCREAMING]
This one's different.
I've never tasted...
What are you?
[GRUNTING]
[♪♪♪]
[GLASS SHATTERS]
[GROANS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[COUPLE MOANING]
HOYT: You okay? You okay?
I'm not hurting you?
JESSICA: No. not anymore.
Oh. goodness.
Shut up. Keep going.
[SCREAMS]
HOYT: Oh. I...
Uh. I-I don't know
what you heard.
but those were
screams of pleasure.
Right?
Oh. my God. Ugh.
If you truly care for her.
you will take her to
your car this very moment
and drive her back to Bon
Temps before the sun comes up.
Now? Now.
LAFAYETTE: Lovers.
Oh. shit. hooker. What?
Isn't the lovers good?
Not for you it ain't.
In this position.
it calls for a sacrifice
in matters of the heart.
You gonna have to make a choice.
But it might turn
out well. right?
You wanna see your future?
[DOOR OPENS]
Tara. help me.
I need to talk to you.
Uh. y-yeah. s-sure.
I'm gonna go and clean
a grill or something.
Say something.
You're freaking me out.
What time is it? What?
What time is it?
I-It's 10 past 12.
We just closed. why?
Look. it happened again.
I've lost the last couple hours.
Are you sure? Yeah.
You don't remember anything?
I mean. after I left
you. I got in my car.
and. baby. next thing I know
I'm over past Parish Road
and I'm over by the lake.
And I wake up on the
ground. it's freezing cold...
and I don't even
know how I got there.
Tara. what the hell
is wrong with me?
It's okay. It's okay.
I'm here.
Lafayette. y-you
okay to close up?
Yeah. Yeah. y'all go on ahead.
Come on. let's get you home.
MAN: Come on. Someone's coming.
[♪♪♪]
Hey. hey. Who are
you? JASON: It's okay.
I'm with the Fellowship.
You gotta let me in.
Sorry. bro. We're in lockdown.
There's a vampire inside.
Yeah.
That's why they sent for me.
I'm a cadet with the
Light of Day Institute.
Came strapped.
Honesty.
Dude. honesty.
Come on. Let's move.
Now. we got the
vampire surrounded.
He's got some f-ing
fangbanger chick with him.
Now. I'm gonna
take you to Steve.
No. I got it.
No. he needs you to...
Hey. is that a paintball gun?
Oh.
[GRUNTS]
Yeah. it is.
[BIRD WHISTLING]
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Who is this?
[LINE CLICKS]
[♪♪♪]
Hello.
Jesus Christ.
[PANTING]
WOMAN [OVER PHONE]:
Renard Parish Sheriff's Department.
What's your emergency?
[POUNDING ON DOOR]
BUD: Sheriff's
Department. Anyone there?
BUD: Anyone in there?
This is the Sheriff's
Department. Can I help you?
Hello?
[SIZZLING]
[MARYANN HUMMING]
[CONTINUES HUMMING]
[ERIC GROANING]
NEWLIN: You see?
Just as our lord. our savior.
was betrayed for
30 pieces of silver.
a few ounces of silver
can betray a child
of Satan to the world!
That doesn't make any sense.
How can you
people listen to him?
I...
I offer myself
in exchange for
Godric's freedom.
And the girl's as well.
That's noble. but she's
just as culpable as you are.
She's a traitor to her race.
The human race.
She hardly deserves mercy.
Maybe we should tie her to you.
so you can meet
the sun together.
Bet this marshmallow
would roast up nicely.
[PEOPLE SCREAMING]
Sookie!
One more step.
vampire. and the girl dies.
If you shoot her.
everyone here will die.
Let her go now.
Honestly. what
do they see in you?
Soldiers. some silver
chains for our friend.
Don't. He's done nothing
to you. Sookie. I will be fine.
JASON: Newlin! [GUNSHOT]
Ah! Ah! [CROWD GASPS]
Let her go. fuckwad!
[GUNSHOT] [CROWD MURMURING]
Ah! Ow!
[GRUNTING]
Son of a bitch!
Sookie.
[GROANING]
SOOKIE: Let's go.
[GRUNTING]
Eric. do not kill him.
JASON: Kill him.
Kill the motherfucker!
NEWLIN: Go ahead.
Murder us. Murder us before God.
We are willing to die.
[LOUD RUMBLING]
[GLASS SHATTERS]
Steve Newlin.
Huh?
STAN: You have
pushed us too far.
You expect us to
sit on our thumbs
while you round up your
men to come lynch us?
We'll kill you first.
Same way we did your
father. Oh. God. no.
Murderer!
Ah!
Destroy them. All of them.
[GROWLING]
[PEOPLE SCREAMING]
Bill. Eric. stop them!
We have to go now!
GODRIC: Enough.
[♪♪♪]
You came for me. I assume.
Underling?
Yeah. sheriff.
These people have not harmed me.
You see? We can coexist.
Mr. Newlin...
I do not wish to
create bloodshed
where none is called for.
Help me set an example.
If we leave you in peace.
will you do the same?
I will not negotiate
with subhumans.
Kill me. WOMAN: No!
NEWLIN: Do it.
Jesus will protect me.
I'm actually older
than your Jesus.
I wish I could have
known him. but I missed it.
[GASPS]
Good people. who
of you is willing to die
for this man's madness?
GODRIC: That's what I thought.
Stand down. everyone.
People. go home. It's over now.
Oh. thank God. Bill.
It's all right. You're safe now.
You're safe.
NEWLIN: Please. don't leave me.
[GROANS]
GODRIC: I daresay
my faith in humankind
is stronger than yours.
Come.
Sir. after what these
humans have done to you?
I said. come.
Are you sure you're okay?
She's fine.
Go with your maker.
S-Sookie. Sookie. come here.
Oh. I'm so sorry. Will
you please forgive me?
What were you doing with those
people? You out of your mind?
Yeah. I was. Just...
That son of a bitch. it's
like he sucked out my brain
and planted all his
own babies in there.
NEWLIN: You know nothing.
On the final day of reckoning.
we'll see who goes to
heaven and who goes to hell.
I reckon I've already
been to heaven.
It was inside your wife.
Oh! Ow.
Jason. come on.
What about that?
Come on. Take your ring.
JASON: Honesty.
my ass. shithead.
White-suit motherfucker.
Go home. preacher boy.
BUD: Come on. Sam.
We can't tell you that.
That's why it's called
an anonymous tip.
We can't tell you
who phoned it in.
They wanted you to find me.
Why would I keep a body
in my own refrigerator?
Was it a woman's voice? Sam.
There's a rumor you
were having a relationship
with the deceased.
Is that true? Yeah.
Well. you don't seem
too beat up about it.
Well. we...
I guess we kind of broke
up. Were you angry?
Bound to be some hurt feelings.
Listen. y'all have to trust me.
This is bigger and crazier
than you can even imagine.
I'll say. This is the
second time in two weeks
a woman's found in your
bar with her heart missing.
And the third time a waitress
of yours has ended up dead.
Oh. come on. That
was Rene Lenier.
You can't use that against me.
Come on. Bud. Kenya.
Listen to yourselves.
You know me. I'm not sure we do.
You got no birth records.
no Social Security number.
We can't even find where
you went to high school.
It's hard to explain.
Save it. son. Nothing about
your past ever checks out.
Why don't you just tell
us what happened tonight?
[DOOR OPENS]
What the...?
Whoa. Whoa. whoa. whoa. Hold up.
Bud. you don't think
it's Sam. do you?
Let me get him. Hold on. Kenya.
You're on suspension.
How'd you hear about
this? Still got my radio.
I'm not here as a cop.
okay? I'm a witness.
You got the wrong guy. What?
Sam's not the one
you want. He's a victim.
I saw him nearly
get killed last night.
By who? The bull.
The what? Oh. Andy.
He thinks he saw
some kind of bull.
With claws. A bull. In a dress.
With claws.
Okay. Andy. you're
babbling again.
I can shut him up. And your vic.
That vic you got in there. she
was part of this whole group
of crazy people that
was trying to get him.
I tried to fight 'em
off. but... War wound.
I'm corroborating here.
Sam. Tell them. Help me.
If I told you that's what
happened. would you believe me?
Oh. shit.
[SIGHS]
But you're not the only one.
I blacked out last night.
Arlene blacked out.
Maybe there's some kind
of gas leak or something.
But what about Andy Bellefleur?
H-He said he saw all of us.
Andy's the only one
we know is out his mind.
Tara...
I got this sick feeling I
did something real bad.
MARYANN: Knock. knock.
Hope I'm not interrupting.
No. we're just trying
to piece together
everything we been
doing past couple days.
Mm.
Sounds like somebody's been
enjoying himself a bit too much.
Tell you what. Why don't
we ease up on the partying
for a little while? Hm?
Take it easy.
Hey. Snack's ready.
[CHUCKLES]
Hope you're hungry.
TARA: Oh. my God.
That looks amazing. What is it?
Hunter's soufflé.
I didn't know hunters
made soufflés.
Most don't. Dig in.
[♪♪♪]
Goddamn.
What is in there? Is that
the rabbit you caught?
Among other things.
Mm.
You have got to try this.
Oh. my God. Ha-ha.
[MARYANN CHUCKLES]
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
Mm.
[CHATTER]
WOMAN: Thank you. sir.
STAN: Welcome home. sheriff.
We are all very relieved.
Well. I just want
to say I'm real sorry
for what the Fellowship
put you through.
GODRIC: You helped save
many lives today. Mr. Stackhouse.
Please know you have friends
in this area whenever you visit.
Thanks. man. but.
uh. I don't know if I'll be
wanting to come
back anytime soon.
[SOFTLY] God.
Hail the conquering hero.
Oh. no. I'm no hero.
No. you are in this town.
But in my area we know you well
as a buyer and user
of vampire blood.
And that's a very grave offense.
Yeah. listen. I-I
don't do that no more.
All things considered.
however. we'll call it even.
But you won't be doing it again.
Yeah. No. No.
No. Got it.
Good boy. Run along.
WOMAN: It's the
best we could do.
Thanks. this is great.
You've avoided being
alone with me all night.
Nonsense. With
all the commotion.
there's hardly been time.
Bill. I was in that
basement for two days.
You don't even want to know
what almost happened
to me down there.
Where were you?
Sookie. it's...
"It's complicated"
is not an answer.
Every time I've needed you.
you've always come
running. even in broad daylight.
What kept you?
I was held.
Held? Like kidnapped?
By who?
By Eric?
ERIC: Mmm.
Heard my name. I hope
you were speaking well of me.
Why should I? You
let me walk into a trap.
I regret that. If I had
known it was a possibility...
You did know. But because it
was Godric. you'd risk anything.
The bond between a
vampire and his maker
is stronger than
you can imagine.
Perhaps one day you'll find out.
[MOANING]
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
What's the matter? What.
you don't like me anymore?
No. I just don't think...
Bill might not like us
doing this stuff in his house.
He'll never know.
Come on. you drove so
fast. I know you want to again.
Besides. we got two
hours before dawn.
I can't believe I
waited so long.
We are gonna do
it every single night
whether you want to or not.
You still want to. don't
you? Well. sure. yeah.
It's just that Sookie and Bill
might come in any minute.
We got the house to
ourselves. I promise.
I've never wanted
anything so bad in my life.
Make love to me again.
Please.
Do me. Now.
[MOANING]
Ow. Wait. stop.
stop. Okay. okay.
Sorry.
What happened?
I don't know. It ju...
I mean. it felt like...
Is that blood again?
[GASPS]
Oh. my God.
No.
Oh. no. no. no. no. no. no.
What. Jessica.
what? It grew back.
It? What? My... It
fucking grew back.
Oh. jeez. I should have known.
I mean. everything heals
when you're a goddamn vampire.
Okay. come on. Come on.
It's gonna be beautiful.
Every time will be
like our first time.
It'll hurt like hell.
I'm a fucking
deformity of nature.
I'm gonna be a virgin forever.
[SOBS]
I don't like being touched.
Well. believe me. I do
not like touching you.
Your contact with Sookie
will cease from this moment.
Oh. that's hardly your decision.
Calling in my maker because
you couldn't win Sookie for yourself
is feeble and
desperate even for you.
Are you picking a fight?
I'd like to see you try.
She will never be yours.
And there is nothing you can do.
In this you are powerless.
Accept it.
ISABEL: Here is the
one who betrayed us.
Hugo.
He's your human. is he not?
Yes. he is.
Do you love him?
ISABEL: I...
I thought I did.
It appears you love him still.
I do. I'm sorry.
But you are my sheriff.
Do with him as you please.
You are free to go.
Huh? What?
The human is free to go.
And do not return.
I fear it is not
safe for you here.
This is a travesty.
This is my verdict.
Eric. escort them out.
Make sure he leaves unharmed.
Yes. Godric.
Thank you. Thank you. sheriff.
What was that about?
Uh. Godric is sheriff and
he has the authority to...
I mean with Eric.
Why are you talking to
him if he kidnapped you?
It wasn't Eric.
Then who was it? Mr. Compton.
Hey. Sook. Is there someplace
we can talk in private?
Jason. this really
isn't the time to...
If I don't say this
now. I never will.
Uh. look. please. it'll
only take a minute.
Let's go out back.
Thanks.
Listen. I know everyone says it.
but I'm really not
the guy you want.
If it's like you said.
that there's something out
there that's fixing to get you.
then jail's just about the
safest place to spend the night.
Now come on.
Hey. Sam. Join the party.
What the...? I'd come
down and give you a hug
but I lost my pants.
Yeah. it's been a hell of a
night. Must be a full moon.
Pretty sure it's not.
Mike?
What'd they arrest
you for? Sodomy.
What? Yeah. they say I...
I sodomized a pine tree.
What'd you do that
for? MIKE: I don't know.
Must've blacked out.
but it's gotta be true.
My pecker's got all
kinds of scratches on.
JANE: Don't worry.
Mikey. It'll heal.
What are you in
for? Worse than me?
BUD: Leave him alone. Mike.
MIKE: Sam?
What is it?
Uh. I need you to forgive me.
What?
Uh. you love my sister.
and. uh. there ain't no reason
why you shouldn't be able to.
All this time. I let my
own stupid ignorance
stand in the way.
Thank you.
But I am also in your debt
for helping rescue Sookie.
After all I did to
fuck everything up.
that's the least I can do.
I-I'm just sorry it took me
so long to wake up to it.
Well. you did. Just in time.
[SIGHS]
Was that okay for you?
It was fine.
[CHATTER]
[FUNKY MUSIC PLAYING]
Hugo has been dispatched.
I told him not to stop driving
until he reaches
the Mexican border.
I've arranged for an
AB-negative human for you.
Extremely rare.
Thank you.
I'm not hungry.
You have to feed eventually.
I doubt the Fellowship
had anything to offer.
Why wouldn't you leave
when I first came for you?
They didn't treat me badly.
You'd be shocked at how
ordinary most of them are.
They do nothing but fan
the flames of hatred for us.
Let's be honest.
We are frightening.
After thousands of
years. we haven't evolved.
We've only grown more brutal.
more predatory.
I don't see the danger in
treating humans as equals.
The Fellowship of the Sun
arose because we never did so.
Is that why you wouldn't
fight when they took you?
I could have killed every last
one of them within minutes.
And what would that have proven?
[TARA CHUCKLES]
Oh. my God. I
inhaled that fucker.
You know what?
I didn't think it was possible.
but this is better than her pot.
Way better.
TARA: I gotta learn how to cook.
[TARA AND EGGS LAUGH]
You know. I feel like
a superhero. I mean...
You look like one.
Yeah?
How about now?
[GRUNTS]
I mean. I feel
invincible. you know?
Like nobody could even hurt me.
TARA: Yeah?
I hate you.
I fucking hate your guts.
You fucking bitch. I
fucking hate you too.
You're not even trying. are you?
[CHUCKLES]
[LAUGHS]
More.
[GRUNTS]
[BOTH LAUGH]
Is that all you got? I mean...
[GRUNTS THEN COUGHS]
[CHUCKLES]
Now. that feels so fucking good.
[GRUNTS]
Oh.
[CHUCKLES]
Damn. boy.
Do it again.
[GRUNTS]
Fuck. I want you so bad.
EGGS: Oh. Ah.
[GIGGLING]
[MOANING]
[♪♪♪]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
That's great. Me too.
Hello there. I'm Lorena.
Nice to meet you. I'm Sookie.
Mm. Yes.
You are what all
the fuss is about.
Excuse me?
Aren't you a morsel?
I'm sorry. Who are you?
Well. we have a mutual friend.
Bill? That's right.
Funny he never mentioned me.
I practically made
him what he is today.
Lorena!
Oh. hello. darling.
I was just getting to
know your plaything.
You always did like
to prey on the innocent.
Bill. is this your maker?
She released me years ago.
She no longer has
any hold over me.
Oh. I wouldn't say that.
We had two marvelous
nights in your hotel room.
What?
Did you know your
boyfriend hit me over the head
with a 52-inch plasma
television earlier tonight?
Everyone says they're so thin
and light. but let me tell you.
when wielded properly.
it's quite a weapon.
You did? Lorena.
you need to leave.
I hope he doesn't pull the
same shenanigans with you.
There's no excuse
for domestic violence.
What she has failed to mention
is that she was
holding me prisoner.
Pshaw. We were
just catching up is all.
You must have been worried sick.
wondering where he was.
I admit it got a bit heated.
but you know how old
lovers can get sometimes.
Do not touch him.
My. we're feisty too.
[LAUGHS]
Mm.
You're no more than a blood bag.
You cannot win this.
I've already won.
Bill chose me.
and yet you still won't give up.
Don't you have any
shame? Sookie. stop.
I'd listen to him.
Run away. little girl.
William and I love each other.
You've gone mad.
Now. get out now.
Maybe you do love
him. Who am I to guess?
But he doesn't love you.
He never has. and
that we both know.
[HISSES]
Take those words back
or they shall be your last.
BILL: We're leaving.
Go find someone
else. you fucking bitch!
You've lost this one! Aah!
Retract your fangs.
Now.
I neither know nor care
who you are.
but in this area.
and certainly in this nest.
I am the authority.
Do you understand?
Yes. sheriff.
This human has proven herself
to be a courageous
and loyal friend to our kind.
And yet you treat her like
a child does a dragonfly.
pulling off wings for sport.
No wonder they hate us.
She provoked me.
And you provoke me.
You disrupted the
peace in my own home.
I could snap you like a twig.
Yet I haven't.
Now. why is that?
It's your choice.
Indeed it is.
You're an old
vampire. I can tell.
You've had hundreds of
years to better yourself.
yet you haven't.
You are still a savage.
and I fear for all of us.
humans and vampires.
if this behavior persists.
You.
You seem to know her.
Yes. sheriff.
GODRIC: Escort
her from the nest.
Go ahead. I'm fine.
I wish you out of
my area before dawn.
[♪♪♪]
LORENA: I don't know
how it got this way.
I can't help that
I still love you.
You know I do.
But now it's become
nothing but a
constant humiliation.
The pain that you suffer
you've inflicted upon yourself.
When will we see
each other again?
Never.
We're immortal.
Our paths are bound
to cross eventually.
I have him by the neck. shaking.
But. uh.
it's kind of funny you
say that because...
[♪♪♪]
Luke?
What the fuck. man?
Stay away from me. Stackhouse.
Got nothing to say to you.
What the hell you
doing? Just go.
Excuse me. everyone.
LUKE: If I could
have your attention.
My name is Luke McDonald.
I'm a member of the
Fellowship of the Sun.
and I have a message for you all
from Reverend Steve Newlin.
[BEEPING]
[GASPS]
[♪♪♪]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org